Let me know when they're coming in if
they have a good signal here.
Yeah. Well,
just the wafer. Yeah. You got
one,
two,
here. Oh, thanks, babe.
Communion on the go.
Praise the Lord.
Hello, everybody. Tell us where you're
from as you come in.
You're
from all over the place, I'm
sure.
600 already. Wow, that's amazing.
It's 5 o'clock. I'm trying different times to
see
which one is more convenient for people.
I know people are getting off work in
America.
Is my background too blurry?
Oh, that's not too bad,
is it?
Well,
it's just
an old green roof.
Instead of a green screen, I got a
green roof.
Well, praise the Lord. Well, we'll go
ahead and get started, I guess. Right.
1,000, 1,100. Wow,
they added quick.
Well, good morning, family. Praise the
Lord. Thank you for joining me again
today. I'm here in Branson down here
in
Missouri, southern Missouri.
And we're at the prayer conference with
Sister Billy. And wow, what a
meeting we had today. They gave an altar
call for the first time—and I don't see
very many churches do this
anymore—but
they gave an altar call for the baptism
of the Holy Spirit. And I bet there was
probably 100 people plus who came down
there for the baptism of the Holy Spirit
today. And there was a lot of
restirring up, you know, people
that have been stuck on syllables and
just getting stirred back up in the Holy
Ghost. And it's just wonderful to see.
Sister Lynn—I would encourage every one
of you to go and watch Sister Lynn
Hammond's message today, this morning
at 10 o'clock at the prayer
conference here at Branson.
I don't know how they can find it. Is it
billybrim.org,
or probably
their YouTube channel? You can find
their YouTube channel,
and then watch
the prayer conference this morning at
o'clock.
And
Billy
spoke amazingly about the coming of
the Lord in Second Thessalonians,
and went all into how we're not
going to be caught unaware, that in a
moment, in the twinkling of an eye, we'll
all be changed. She's talking about the
glorious church rising and all kinds of
great things today. But one of the
main things was that she said
this because it was me that asked
the question. She said, 'Somebody asked
me the question.'Well, it was me that
asked the question because I remember when I
asked it.
So she said she said I asked her, I
said, 'Billy, is
this—are
we seeing the peace and safety
before the sudden destruction?'And she
said, 'Oh no, Brandon, that's during
the Tribulation.'So she taught on that
today out of what our conversation
was about. So I thought that was really
cool. So I got a really good lesson
about it all at the same time, and
it was like, wow, you know. So
she went into the scripture, so you
can go back and listen to that. It's
really good. And so we're not appointed
unto
wrath, and
we will not be caught
unaware, that the body of Christ is
watching for His return. Do you
understand, folks? He's coming
as we see the signs of the times,
watching all around us right now as we
speak. Jesus Christ is getting ready to
come back. And I can feel—I have such an
anticipation.
Sister Lynn was talking about how we're
going to pray into that. And it was cool
because when you hear a general like
that talking about the prayer things
that
we're doing, that I've learned by
myself and she's probably learned by
herself over the years, but I have
nobody teaching me. We just go
down the road, me, Diana
and I. And
I told you that there are rooms.
When you're praying
in the spirit, there
are
actual
rooms that you go into and you unlock
when you're praying. And it was amazing
because she started teaching that today.
And I said, 'I've never heard anybody
teach this before,'because I've only
gotten this by—I know
when certain people are there. And I
told you, if you go back and watch my
last videos,
it's like you know who's praying with
you, and you become familiar
with that person
in the spirit realm.
My mouth's getting dry, but you get
familiar with that person. So when
you start praying, you know that there's
somebody—for
instance, she prays for North Korea a
lot, and the concentration camps with the
Christians that are put in these work
concentration camps, and she'll pray and
she'll intercede for these people of
North Korea, these Asian people that are
being treated so terribly. And so I
thought it was really cool
because, you know, when we go in
the spirit, we start praying for the
people in Nigeria whenever the Lord was
showing us the—thank
you, hun,
well, you don't have a green screen so
you can see this is probably my
water—the
persecution that's coming over the
Nigerian people. And when we were
interceding for them, I saw the
mothers and the children and the
fathers. Remember, if you go back in
that video, we went into heavy
travail, praying for the protection of
the Nigerian people. And so, oh, and
then I got
this—I
don't know this lady's name. I
apologize because it was all happening
so quickly. We love—there are so
many of you we got to meet today. But
she made me the quilt.
She could only do this by the Spirit of
God. I think her name was Jennifer.
Jennifer, thanks, love. I know
her name was Jennifer.
Diana told me—I did not
know—but
I'm saying she made this quilt. Do you
remember, Lucy, when I told you she was
sitting on a quilt? I mean, she was
sitting in the rocking chair, and
Jeannie
Wilkerson and Rachel
Teafatiller
and them were all on these quilts, and
they were praying. Well, she made me a
patchwork quilt
that looked identical to the
flowers, the purple and the little
yellow ribbon on the
squares. Each one of them had
a yellow ribbon, and over here it has
the yellow ribbon and their flowers. And
she made this with the embroidery on it
to look like what I saw in heaven.
Isn't that wonderful?
I thought that is so special.
She put her name on it. Diana, her name
is Jennifer. You
remembered.
I probably
don't want to see, just in
case it was her last name on there.
Yeah, don't say the last name. Special,
handmade by Jennifer. That was so nice
of her. She didn't put her last name.
So, super, super, super sweet people. I
just thought, I'll cherish this for the
rest of my life. This is something that,
because of something I saw in heaven,
I had something tangible to touch. I
carried it with me to the altar today
when I was praying for the people because I
thought, I want to get the anointing all
over this.
And I thought, you know, if I can, when
the anointing comes on me, I want to put
my hands on it and lay hands on this and
let that anointing transfer because it goes
into cloth. And I told D, I said, 'I want
to saturate this thing,'because I
use it
with my prayer shawl a lot. But I
thought, this is something so special
to me now. I'm going to carry it with me
everywhere because I just love it. I
really, truly do, and I'll let Megan hold
it. But I just thought, what
somebody took so much time to stitch
this for me, and it really meant a
lot because she got something out of
the spirit, and she got it to a T. And
that's why I thought, look at that.
Only by the Spirit of God could somebody
do that and do the colors and all the
beautifulness of it. And I thought,
isn't that wonderful?
I don't know. I just love it
when people do stuff like that. I just
thought, look at that. Isn't that
wonderful?
So, I'll let you see my little
treasure I got today.
But
there's a lot going on, and I know I say
that a lot. That's where we are right
now in the signs of the times. I told
Diana, I said, 'Look at what happened
today.'Look
at what happened yesterday.
We have such an acceleration of things
like we've never seen before.
Watching the fig tree, calling for peace
with the Abrahamic Accords
and acceleration of war. You know,
Putin has called for a meeting with
President Trump in Hungary.
Hungary. Did I say that right? Hungary.
Hungary. I don't know, I probably
butchered
the name. But
he's called for a meeting. So, what is
that meeting going to entail?
He's saying he's going to put
pressure on them to cause peace in
Ukraine. But will this poke the bear?
You know, I saw the Tomahawk missiles
flying into Moscow and a great
escalation of war. Now, I see in part here
and
in part there, and not everything,
when I'm praying in the spirit and the
Lord is showing us and revealing to us
what we're praying about.
Some of it is to stop,
to lessen, or some of it can't be.
And we're praying for
the protection of the innocent, for
lives not to be lost. And so,
you know, I still feel in my heart
that this thing is really going to kick
off to another level as I've been
praying into it. But what we have been
really focusing on, even now, Diana and I
and Braden, when we're praying,
even when we came over here because we had
all that time in the car, I went into
deep intercession, into travail, praying
over—how,
Lord, help me, I want to get
the right
words—bringing
in
the
closers.
And the Lord said to me, he said,
"Brandon, you are about to see a phase
of the elders again.
We're getting to that point where you'll
see the elders start to go home."And he
said, "I'm bringing in my closers.
I'm bringing in my closers."And I
said, "Well, Lord, what is it about the
closers? What is this?"And he
says,
"Study about it."So
Diana starts
doing her research. The closers are the
ones that handle all the pressure.
Whenever they get put on the mound to
throw the baseball and they're getting
ready to
close the baseball game, they don't want
to lose their lead. They don't want to
lose their momentum in the
game. So, they put somebody in
that
is like a
warrior,
somebody who is broken. They put
the warhorse in that is not going to be
moved by all the bombs going off and all
the craziness, right? So, you put
somebody in that has nerves of steel.
You put somebody in that is born
for pressure. And the Lord said to me,
"Brandon, I'm putting in the
closers."And
I told Diana, I said,
"So, when he's talking about us, ladies
and gentlemen, he means that we are made
for this time. None of this is going to
shake us or get us off our
game because we're the closers. We have
been designed. We have been
foreordained—you
know, when I told everybody
that we're on that olive press and that
we're the olives, and the olives are
being pressed and pressed and pressed
right now. And he said,
'Brandon, that oil is going to start to
flow from that olive press.
With persecution comes great
olive oil
with the
press.'And
the Lord warned us about all that.
And so, that's what I have been praying
into.
All hands on deck,
getting people ready for what's
about to happen.
When I went to the church and I wore the
pink shorts
and I prayed more into that, the
Lord said, 'See, what I'm trying to tell
you is you need to have less fear of man
and more fear of me regardless of what I
tell you to do. Even if it sounds crazy
to you,
obey me at all costs. Even if I tell you
to wear a green shirt with polka dots,
do you understand? It's not about the
clothes. It's about humility and doing
what he told you to do.'Like Mary
said, whatever he tells you to do, do
it.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it. And
that's what the Lord was showing me with
the
pink shorts.
It wasn't about the pink shorts. It was
about obedience, even when
you worry
about what everybody else
thinks around you. And that's me dying
to that—worried about comment
sections,
worried about emails, worried about just
any knucklehead that comes on there
telling you what they think and how they
think you should do it better or
whatever.
Following the voice of God at all
costs.
No matter what you feel, no matter what
you see
or what you think,
listen to him and listen again. Follow
the voice of God. And that's what I'm
trying to tell you all where we are
right now. The warhorses have those
blinders on their eyes and they're not
looking at what's going on with the
missile going over here or somebody
falling over there. They're just focused
on
the task at hand, following the voice
of their instructor. Turn, go this
way, go high, faster,
faster, whatever. They're listening to
the man on the horse,
to their rider.
So, what we're doing right now is
listening to our Father, and we are that
horse that is broken before the Lord.
And the Lord told me, he said, 'Brandon,
you're a closer.
These people on this YouTube
channel, I have called them to the
kingdom for such a time as this, to
bring the lost in, to bring in the
unsaved. You're running out of time and
you're going to see an escalation of
things
as we see the days approach
and they're
evil. The darkness is going to get
darker, but the light is going to get
lighter in the church.'And that's what
he was trying to show
me—no
matter what you step into,
like I was at a really amazing
church, but he said, 'Go in there with
pink shorts on.'And I'm going back to
that because it's not about what they
say. It's about what I say. Do what I
tell you to do. Do what I tell you to do and
do it with all your heart. Whatever you
do in word and deed, do all to the
glory of God, even if you think it makes
you look foolish.
So, that's what a
warhorse
would do,
and that's what a closer would do. It's
not about the pressure.
So, that's what I've been praying
into. That's been my
assignment
over the last week, praying for the
people that have a backbone like a
crowbar, that will not sway
when
the opinions of man come, because I'm telling
you, great persecution is coming.
Great persecution is coming to the
church. And the Lord said, 'A shaking to
awaken is coming.'And so, I talked to
Pastor Paul Begley. He had me on his
YouTube broadcast, and
he recorded me, and he wanted me to be
for some seminar that he's doing. And
so, I talked for over an hour, and I gave
him 20 prophetic words that have been
stirring in my spirit for the last year
and what I believe is coming. Some of
it, like I said, you know, he called me
a prophet and everything and said about
Kim Clement and all that, and that's a
great honor, but I truly do not see
myself as a prophet. I see myself as a
watchman, but I don't ever
correct people, I just keep going. But
you know me, y'all, I
really truly believe that God has called
me to be a prayer warrior. He even
said—because
my main thing, I was so excited because I
love to go around these healing
ministries, go around with Billy
Burke and see
healing and do things. And the Lord said
to me, 'I know you
really enjoy this, I know you
do'—because
I'm like, 'I want to go again because I
love to see people get blessed like
that'—but
he said, 'That's not your
main vein.
Your main vein is intercessory prayer,
and that's what I've called you to. So,
you've got to go around the prayer
people now. Go over here and get
around your brothers and your
sisters that know how to
intercede.'So,
that's what we're here in Branson doing
now. And all glory to God. And thank you
all for always supporting us and being
so
kind to my family with these
super thanks. I see them going up.
And you all are just so kind. You're
so kind to Diana and me. And we want to
say thank you
from the bottom of our hearts. You don't
realize how much you've changed our life by
freeing
us up. We don't have
to worry about eBay and be able to say,
"Hey, listen. We can go to this
conference and stay a couple of
days."And whenever
I was going through all the
spiritual warfare that I went through
for the last couple
of
weeks,
it has been incredible. But the Lord,
I'm telling you, remember I told you the
last time, I said when you get
underneath
that anointing and that wave of
the glory keeps washing you, it keeps
knocking you. And I'm telling you, that
thing that's in your life has an
expiration date.
No matter how dark you think your
circumstances are, or even like
whenever
you have weeks like we had,
there's an expiration date to your
problems.
When you're walking through the valley,
you don't camp there.
When you're walking through the valley
of the shadow of death, you don't camp
there. You get a
recreational
vehicle, you put it in four-wheel
drive, and you keep going.
You don't camp there. I told
Diana,
"I'm not camping here. I'm not
feeling sorry for myself. I have to get
my bearings,
you know."And that's where we were. And
now I'm so excited. I got to go to
those meetings with Billy Burke, and he's
such a dear friend. And now I'm here
with my friend Billy Brim, and she's
my friend. I love her dearly. She's a
mama of the faith to me.
So that's what we're doing right
now. And we're here helping pray.
We have a job to do. It's like Sister
Lynn said today. She said, "We must
pray."We
prayed for the election this
time last year. If everybody remembers
in America, what were we so focused on
at this time last year? The election. We
were interceding and praying that God
would give us a president that was
radical, not Kamala Harris. Is the
glare getting them? Yeah.
You want to put that over there like
that?
Can you bring it? I can't reach it, son.
If it's making too much of a glare, I
don't want to look like I'm glowing
with the glory because that's not the glory.
It's the sun.
You can go in front of it.
Okay. Just go.
Sorry, Braden.
It's halftime. Yeah.
Can you bring it over?
It won't move over.
Have to.
You know what? I think there's a little
chain over here, son.
Oh,
here. That's what we'll do. That's
decoration. Okay.
How's that?
There you go. Is it now? Am I too dark?
No, that's good. Okay.
You going to tell him hi. Sit over here on
my sofa.
Come over here. You
say hi. Hi.
Can you say hi?
Yeah. Do you see him?
Say hello. That's Braden. Has
anyone seen Braden before?
That's Braden. That's my son. He's the
one behind the camera that's
always doing all the arts and all
the
stuff. People send
him
birthday cards, and he was so excited
about his birthday cards.
Thank
you. That's my
community.
Thank you so much. Tell him. Thank you.
Thank you so much. Yeah,
you
are so kind. Thank you. Yep. Telling
him
happy birthday. He's so
excited. He's getting older.
I got him a cell phone. He's going to
start recording off of that now. I
told him, "I'll get you
a
new iPhone for your birthday."So he
was so excited. We waited, we got
it in the mail, and so he's going to
start recording with that because he's using
his phone right now for this broadcast.
So, where's Diana? Come over here and
say hi.
They miss you. I'm sure
she's over here praying for me while I
was doing this.
You can say hi. Hi.
We love you all so much.
Thank you for praying with us.
Yeah.
So,
I don't know
if y'all can even
see me.
You look beautiful.
Go
say smile. It's
a really
comfortable chair. Oh yeah. It's lumpy,
though.
You say this is your
La-Z-Boy
chair.
That's your
La-Z-Boy
chair.
So, we met some more
people that were from Asia. We met
this lady from China today, and she
was so excited. She wanted to—she says,
"We watch your China channel."It is so
awesome to see so many people come in,
and they're from Asia saying, "I came
here because of you to come to the
meeting today."And they speak
really good English. So, I think it's
really cool because I know they speak two
different languages. Obviously,
one, I think it was South Korea
and
China, because we prayed for a lady from
China today—her son had something
wrong with him. Yes. And
so, he needed prayer.
So, that was cool. You know, we just get
to meet all kinds of cool people. And the lady
from
Anchorage, I met her.
All right, let's take communion. I'll
pray with y'all for a little bit
before the meeting starts. I've only
been doing this for 15 minutes, so we're
doing really good. It hasn't been
that
long a time. Was there any more news,
son?
Sweden
to begin stockpiling food for the
first time since the Cold War. Now,
that's interesting, isn't it? Because we
have all these
countries that you
haven't heard anything from, you haven't seen
anything. And now they're bringing up
the Cold War, and the Lord said it's
about the 1960s. It's about all these
different time frames. And
I said that that's not
coincidence.
Paisley, you can't come in here.
I don't want you on this video, baby.
Okay?
Daddy's doing a live thing. You
can say hello everybody, but don't come
over here on the video.
Hello, everybody.
Say hello. Say God bless you. God bless
you.
So, all right.
One day I'll let her on here. She's just
too young yet. I don't want her on the
internet yet.
She said, "Hello,
everybody."All
right. So, let's take communion
together and we'll pray.
Father, I just thank you, Father, for
your body.
I thank you, Father, for all that you've
done and all that you're going to do.
Lord, we take this body in the name of
Jesus and we lift it up before you.
We thank you, Lord, that you were
wounded for our transgressions, you were
bruised for our iniquities, the
chastisement of our peace was upon you,
and with your stripes, we're healed. And
Lord, we lift up the body before you. We
thank you, Lord, that we're delivered
from all sickness, all disease, and
nothing shall by any means hurt us. You
promise
in your word, Lord, that
we don't have to go through all that.
According to Galatians, Christ has
redeemed us from the curse of the law.
And we take this body in the name of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, that we're
healed and whole and well in the mighty
name of Jesus. From the top of our head
to the soles of our feet, we're
delivered from sickness and disease. And
we thank you, Father, that we have that
anointing. We have that treasure in
earthen vessels—that the excellency of
the power will be known of you and
not of us. And we believe, Father, we
believe for supernatural increase,
supernatural
Holy Ghost.
You know, like I was praying
about
these afflictions creating a
greater glory. Would you find that
scripture for me, love?
Yes.
But Father, I thank you, Lord, for this
body,
and we lift it up before you, God, and
we thank you, Lord, that you have done
all of it, and you paid the price for us
to walk in victory in Jesus'name. Every
single one of those scriptures, there's
four of them.
Thank you, Father, for the blood.
The one is Second Corinthians. You can read
over here. Okay, read over here so they
can hear you.
Now we take the blood. There's four
scriptures
about—there's
four scriptures
that I had on my notes
about these
afflictions causing the greater glory. A
refiner's fire causes the greater glory.
It's not how much you pray. It's not
how much you read your Word. It had
to do with going on the
potter's wheel. The potter's wheel
creates the greater glory in your life.
And there's scripture to back it. So,
Father, we thank you for the blood. We
plead the blood. We make much of the
blood, and the blood makes much of us.
And we apply the blood of Jesus Christ
over every single one of us today.
And we thank you, Lord, that no weapon
formed against us will prosper. We plead
the blood over our minds today, Father.
We thank you, Lord, that it's
uninterrupted and unhindered by any
satanic or demonic force. We apply the
blood. We apply the blood of Jesus over
us in the name of Jesus. And we thank
you, Lord, for the blood. We thank you,
Lord, that it's never lost its power.
It's never lost its strength. It is the
same yesterday, today, and forever. And
Jesus Christ paid the price. He is
the same yesterday, today, and forever.
And the same God that healed back then
is healing the sick today. And we
believe, Father, that this is the meal
that heals. We believe in the power of
the covenant. We believe in the blood of
Jesus. And we thank you, Lord, for the
blood right now. And I apply it over my
wife, over my son, over my daughters, in
the name of Jesus, and over this hotel
room. And I thank you, Lord. I thank
you, Lord, that Father, that the
glory of the Lord is resting on us,
Father, that the light of God shines in
our hearts and is in our faces. That
when people see us, they see Jesus. They
don't see us. They say, 'There's
something different about
you.'That
every pore, every fiber of our being
screams, 'The glory of the Lord is
here.'I
thank you, Father, that if Moses's face
could shine with the glory, Brandon's
face and Diana's face, your face can
shine with the glory. I thank you, Lord,
that you are no respecter of persons.
And as he is, so are we in this world.
And I believe, Father, that the best is
yet to come for the body of Christ. And
we take the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Thank you for remembering that, love.
You remembered everything when
you brought that. You even knew to bring
my communion for me.
I've got a winner. I'm telling you,
I have a winner. She even doesn't forget
about my communion. I thought, 'I don't
want everybody thinking, "Well, Brandon,
I got to help him out with
communion."'I
had it. I'm just in a
hotel.
Okay. Okay. Go ahead and read it, love.
Okay. Can I— I'll move over.
No, I'm good.
Okay. So, it's 2 Corinthians.
For our light affliction, which is
but for a moment, worketh for us a far
more exceeding and eternal weight of
glory,
while we look not at the things which
are seen, but at the things which are
not seen. For the things which are seen
are temporal, but the things which are
not seen are eternal.
And then Romans, for I reckon that
the sufferings of this present time are
not worthy to be compared with the glory
which shall be revealed in us.
Now it's my favorite. Read it again.
Romans.
For I reckon that
the sufferings of this present time are
not worthy to be compared with the glory
which shall be revealed in us.
Do you think about what he's
saying?
For the sufferings basically equal the
greater glory
for what will be the glory in us.
Do you understand, folks? The refining
fire.
And that's what he's been. Go ahead. I
don't want to stop. You keep
going. There's more. 2 Corinthians
1:5. For as the sufferings of Christ
abound in us, so our consolation also
aboundeth by Christ.
And then there's James 1:2 through 4, which says, 'My
brethren, count it all joy when you fall
into diverse temptations, knowing this,
the trying of your faith
worketh patience, but let
patience have her perfect work, that ye
may be perfect and entire, wanting
nothing. Let
patience
have his perfect
work.'So
faith and patience, the power twins.
Yeah. Faith and patience, the power
twins.
And then I found this one more. 1 Peter
4:12-13. Beloved, think it not strange
concerning the fiery trial which is to
try you, as though some strange thing
happened unto you, but rejoice
in
as much as ye are partakers of Christ's
sufferings, that when his glory shall be
revealed, ye may be glad also with
exceeding joy. Think about that one.
Read that again.
Do you all get it?
It's going through Christ's sufferings
is the greater glory. So the persecution
of
things that I've seen, a great
shaking to awakening. Read it again, love.
I'm sorry. Okay.
Beloved, think it not strange
concerning the fiery trial which is to
try you
as though some strange thing happened
unto you. But rejoice in as much as ye are
partakers of Christ's sufferings, that
when his glory shall be revealed, ye may
be glad also with exceeding joy.
That's it.
But that's why he was showing me that a
great shaking to awaken is coming.
He said, 'It's no longer coming. It's
here.'But
it's not always that it affects
America.
It's
because the body of Christ is not
America,
okay? The body of Christ is the world.
And so as we see persecution coming to
Canada and they're wanting to vote
against them having religious— being able
to have it tax-exempt, they want to take
away tax-exempt status for
the
religious
organizations in Canada. They want to—
in the
UK, the United Kingdom, you're not
allowed to say certain things. You can't
even preach to people. They'll give
you a two-year sentence. We see people
being murdered in Nigeria
and in Iran and all these
places of great escalation of things,
and that's what the Lord said. We
have a window.
I really truly believe we need to do
everything we can in this window
as we see the day approaching.
As we see the day approaching, it's
getting closer and closer, and I
feel such an urgency
in my spirit, even being here at this
prayer conference, that there's
so much work to be done. I don't feel
like we scratched it today. We
led
a lot of people in the
baptism of the Holy Spirit, but there's
much work to be done concerning midterm
elections.
Midterm elections.
If you think that we're just going to
steamroll this and have a red wave in
November of 2026, you're mistaken.
You're mistaken. We must pray about our
elections already for midterms this
time next year. We'll be there,
and we'll be getting ready to cross over
into that, and it will be a stalemate
presidency for two years, and he won't be
able to get the rest of his stuff done
that I feel like the Lord has told him
to do.
And we need this
wealth transfer
as we see all the stock markets because
the government's still
shut down and all the stuff going on
right now. I believe that we need to
pray today
to intercede for our government, for
peace in Jerusalem, to pray for the
remaining hostage deal to be taken care
of, and
that whatever this meeting is with
Vladimir Putin and President Trump in
Hungary,
that it will be a peaceful meeting.
Excuse me.
See, I've been doing good, though. I
haven't coughed as much when I did.
I'm feeling a lot better. That thing
will
try to linger.
My voice hasn't totally straightened
out, but it's a lot
better than it was, huh?
So, let's pray. Okay. You want to
intercede with me for a little bit?
How many people we have on here?
4,400.
Okay. 4,400 people. Let's pray.
You want to intercede with me?
We'll
pray. We'll pray in the spirit, and I'm
going to pray in tongues
for—
I got a little bit here
before I have to leave. So we're
just going to intercede, and we'll pray,
and if the Lord shows us stuff,
we—
I'm so grateful. If he doesn't, we'll
just pray, and we'll just let him lead.
Okay. Father, I thank you that you lead,
we follow.
We honor you.
We magnify you,
for you are King of Kings and Lord. Oh,
and I have to say, let's go tubing.
Who wants to go tubing? That's what
people want to know. Who wants
to go tubing?
So, Father,
I thank you, Father,
for all the scriptures that Diana read
today.
Father, that we are the— that horse
that is bridled, that is broken, we're
war horses, we're the closers, and
pressure doesn't change us.
We thank you, Lord, that you've called
us to the kingdom for such a time as
this. It took somebody with some
nerve, like Esther, to stand before the
king and approach him without
having the scepter pointed toward her.
It took some guts. It took her to be a closer in her generation. It took
her to
have a
backbone to say, "You know what?
If I perish, I perish. But I will not
stand idly by and allow my people to
face
genocide and let
all my people be wiped
out. I will stand in the gap.
I will stand in the gap as the watchman
on the wall,"is what she did that day,
and go before the king and say, "I will
present myself; even if I perish, I
perish."And
I believe that it's going
to take that kind of bulldog faith in
these last days, that if we perish,
we will not bow and we will not burn. We
will not bow our knee to Baal. We will
not, and we will not burn. I believe
that it's time that no matter how bad
they try to tell us, "You need to
bow,"we
have a
fourth man in the fire. I believe
there's a fourth man in the fire with
us. I believe that Jesus Christ himself
is the same yesterday, today, and
forever, and he's standing next to you
today in your circumstances.
And there is an expiration
date—I
say that over and over
again—to
your problems.
I thank you,
Father,
that you know every single need
behind this camera right now. You know
every single person, what they need,
whether
it's
finances, health, their
marriage, their jobs,
persecution, wherever they are. But
God, I thank you that you meet them at
the point of their need today. Father, I
thank you, Lord, that there is nothing
missing, nothing broken, and everything
they put their hands to will prosper. We
call them blessed in the city, blessed
in the field, blessed coming in, and
blessed going out. We call them to have
more than enough, Father, to do
everything that you've called them to
do. Father, this is a time of great
acceleration, not decrease, but
the body of Christ taking the land
for Jesus. We'll grab hold of the
land and we'll take it back for you.
Father, this is a time and a
season of great harvest. Now, Father,
you said, "Be patient with my babies, for
the babies are coming."Now, Satan, we
say take your eyes off of the
babies'eyes,
off of the unbelievers'eyes. We
say in the name of Jesus, their eyes are
flooded with light. We call their eyes
to be flooded with light right now. And
we say in the name of Jesus, they are
born again. We thank you, Lord,
according to Ephesians, that the
eyes of their understanding would be
enlightened. We call an enlightenment
over their eyes right now, Father,
that they would be drawn
to the Holy Ghost, that the Holy Spirit
would draw them. For you said in your
word that no man comes to the Father
unless he is drawn by him.
And I believe, Father, that it's time
for that Holy Ghost pull, for
that pulling in their hearts, that
though
they may be so blind in the
natural, they may be so blind by the
darkness, Father, those blinders are
coming off their eyes. Their
eyes are being flooded with light. Their
eyes are being flooded with the
glory. And Father, we thank you, Lord,
that the glorious church is rising,
Father, and that we take our rightful
place and privilege in the name of
Jesus. And Father, we stand on your
word. We're not moved by what
we see. We're not moved by what we feel.
We're moved by what the word says. And
Father, you said that we can
have whatsoever things we
say.
Father, we thank you, Lord, that
life and death is in the
power of our tongue. And we say out of
our mouth in the name of Jesus, we are
blessed. We're a blessed people, and we
have tithers'rights. We believe, Father,
those tithers'rights are coming
strong and overflow, that you said in
your word in Malachi that you rebuke the
devourer for our sake. We call those
things in and we call the finances in, in
the name of Jesus. Father, the camels
are coming. Father, not just a little
thimbleful, but Father, you said good
measure, pressed down, shaken together,
and running over will men give into our
bosom. That's what your word says. And
we believe, Father, that the giver, the
sower, and the reaper will go hand in
hand, and it will be a supernatural time
for supernatural acceleration. We're not
going to go, "Well, we gave and
it's been years before we see our
harvest."Father,
we believe that
there is a time right now that the
sowers and the reaper are going hand in
hand. And when they sow it, the reaper
is
right on their heels.
The sower, the reaper
is
right on their heels. Father,
that's the kind of acceleration
we're talking about, not
seedtime
harvest, but seed harvest, seed harvest.
Because, Father, you said, "I'm
accelerating the times because the times
are
short."The
times are short, and we believe,
Father, that you've called us right now
for an accelerated time, for
supernatural acceleration over our
finances. And we believe, Father, that
we're not to be the tail, we're to
be the head. We believe we'll be above
and not beneath. We'll go through and
we'll not go under. We believe that,
Father, you are the God that
provides the cattle on a thousand hills.
Father, you provide the ram
in the bush. Just like you took
care of Abraham, you'll take care of us.
I thank you, Lord, that
you are the God of more
than enough, not barely getting by. I
believe that God is a God of more than
enough, that he is exceedingly
abundantly above all that you dare ask
or think. And so, Father, we call that
right in for jobs and better jobs,
raises and bonuses, benefits, sales and
commissions, growth and estates
and inheritances,
rebates and returns,
checks
in the mail, gifts and surprises,
finding money, bills paid off, bills
decreased, blessing and increase.
Father, I thank you, Lord. That's the
kind of God we serve, that you are a
more than enough God. Father, we thank
you, Lord, that there's supernatural
abundance on their households. And we
thank you, Lord, for they are
being promoted.
We stand, Diana, Braden, and I, we're
all in agreement
that they are being promoted
right where they are. Father,
they'll be the runner of the company,
the CEO, the person who's the vice
president. They'll say, "Man, there's
just something about you. You may not
have the education, but you have
something about you."But you have the
Holy Ghost, and you're always coming up
with
witty ideas and creative
ideas to bring in wealth to help save
that company money. And Father, I thank
you, Lord, just like Daniel, just like
Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego,
their gift made room for them.
And I thank you,
Lord, that you're no respecter of persons,
and your gift makes room for the people
today. No matter where they
are,
they could be flipping
burgers at McDonald's, but God,
they'll be an owner of a McDonald's
before
too long if that's what
their heart's desire is. I believe,
Father, that they don't have to be
the burger flipper; they're the ones
that own
the burger store.
I believe the ones that are
cleaning, the
janitors, will be the person with the
janitorial company. Everybody has to
have a cleaner. Why not you be the owner
of the cleaning place?
Why not you be the one that owns all
that and employs all the janitorial
people, and that you are the one that
has the abundant supply, not just
barely getting by? You go, "Hey, look,"and then
you pay your people well, you treat them
right, you don't dishonor
them, you treat them right because why?
Because you represent the King of
kings and the Lord of lords. And
that's the way God does it. God
is a God of excellence. You don't rip
people off. You treat them the way you'd
want to be treated. Do unto others as
you want them to do unto you. You don't
sit there and go, "Well, we're going to
barely penny-pinch and
rip people off."No. Do your best. Treat
people with respect. Honor them. And I
believe God will honor you as you honor
people. That's what seedtime and harvest
is about. That's what the Lord told me.
He said, "You don't understand.
Acceleration of seedtime and harvest,
Brandon. That's why the tribulation
will be hell on earth.
It's because everything has been
sowed and
sowed."There are
no more
restraints. The restrainer—who is the
restrainer? The church. The restrainer
will be removed.
We're
a praying church that keeps
the darkness
pushed down.
We make it bow its knee. We have
the
authority of
a
believer. And because we're here, we're
the salt of the earth. And we make things
salty and we make them thirsty because
of it. Don't lose your saltiness.
Don't lose your saltiness. And that's
why I want to tell y'all: don't lose
your saltiness today. Father, I thank
you that you make me extra salty.
I thank you that you make Diana extra
salty, and my daughters, and my son. Make
us extra salty today, Lord,
that we don't lose our flavor, we don't
lose what you've called us to
do. We are more salty than we've ever
been before. And I don't mean some slang
term like, "You're too salty."No, I'm
talking about salty for Jesus.
Glory to God. We've got to
get it. We've got to have that expectation.
Expectation brings the manifestation of
what you're believing for.
And as I went to the Billy
Burke meetings, I saw people
looking to man
to solve their problem.
"If he could just touch me,
I could be healed."And the Lord said,
"Brandon,
tell them: get their eyes
off of man and get their eyes on
me."He's
only able to do what I tell him to
do.
He's only able to do what the Holy
Spirit allows him to do. He is just a
funnel.
It's being poured into him and he flows.
So guess what?
There's limitation to that.
But you know what? There's no limitation
to you in your relationship with the
Father.
I'm tired of bringing man into my
equation.
I don't need man; I need Jesus.
And in him, he has everything I need.
He has everything I need. I don't need a
touch from a man; I need a touch from
Jesus.
He may use a man to bring it sometimes,
but ultimately, I need to sit at his
feet.
But whenever you sit at his feet, you can
have everything that's in his hand. You
can have it. Whatever he
has, you can have because you're in
covenant with him.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord,
that you're a covenant-keeping God.
And the same covenant that you made with
Abraham, the same covenant that you had
with Moses,
that you would bless Abraham's
generation over a thousand
generations—I
believe that you are still a
covenant-keeping
God, and, Father, we're
your people. We are
your children, your church. And we
are blood-bought, the redeemed, the
church. We're the
blood-bought
church, the redeemed.
And I believe, Father, that right now
you are pouring out that Spirit on
us like we should be walking
in. I told D, I said, "I'm
tired of feeling
like
we're pushing through this."I
went to
the other
side of it.
You know
what I'm talking
about? That Holy Ghost and fire, believing for what I'm talking about—all those scriptures.
I said, "Lord, whatever it takes in
me that's holding back anything, change
me.
I am on your potter's wheel. Fix this."Because
Brandon—I'm
telling y'all,
Brandon's
got issues.
We all got something we're
working through.
We're all a work in progress. But I don't want
my cup to be really shallow; I want
my cup to be deep. And I want my cup to
run over. Surely goodness and mercy will
follow me all the days of my life.
And there's an overflow of his mercy.
There's an overflow of his goodness.
So now I'll pray in the spirit for a
little bit. I told you all
that, I try
to stir you up with what the
Holy Ghost has given me today for you.
But let's pray in the spirit. You want
to?
So, Father...
I'm
seeing
a building again.
I see a building, and at the top, at the
very top, it's all on fire.
All
four—I
see one, two, three, there's for
sure three sides. I can't see the other
side. And, you
know,
it's
a
glass
front
all
up.
It's
really,
really
beautiful.
It's
a
really
square
building.
But on the very top—it's not all the way
up to the top, it's right towards a
quarter of the
way—and
there's fire all around it. And the
fire is burning outward. It's burning
outward of this building.
It's
an
attack.
Come
on.
He sings a song over you today.
There's a rain. I see rain.
I see the rain again.
I see the rain. I see a rain coming.
I see a rain, a refreshing on those dry
bones. On those dry bones, I see a
refreshing of the rain.
I forgot I was doing a live.
I get caught up in it.
I could see over there, I was looking.
Many of you—the
Lord said—many
of you,
there have
been great attempts to keep you
off track from where he's called you to
be.
Family, friends,
relatives of all kinds,
but they've put a
snare. And it's like when you
keep
slipping in it, and you keep slipping in
it, and you can't
seem to get any traction
to walk through it.
And it's time you put those
people that are on the
sidelines—the
peanut gallery—out of your mind
and do what God's called you to do.
You need to hear me.
There's a peanut gallery always telling
you, "Well, you're not good enough.
You've not walked good enough. You've
not done this. You've not done that.
Well, you're not educated. You don't
have what it takes.
Well, you know, you've been this way and
you'll probably always be this way."You've got to tell the peanut gallery to get out of your way.
You've
got to do what God has called you to
do. You're running out of time.
God has put his hand on you from a
child,
and you have to shake off
the peanut gallery. I understand there
are
always going to be
people that tell you you don't have what
it takes. There are always going to be
people that say, "Well, you've been
broke, you'll always be
broke."You'll
never be broke. But God can turn it on a
dime.
God can turn your circumstance, and you
don't need what you think you needed.
God can open the doors that no man can
open.
You don't need man; you need a Father.
You need Jesus. And he'll open the doors
for ministry for you whenever he sees
that you're ready for it.
I thought for all the time of my
life that it was going to be who I
rubbed shoulders with.
"Well, if I put myself around this
person, if I put myself around that
person, maybe they'll see me and know
me, and they'll give me
an
opportunity to speak or do
whatever."But
the Lord never allowed that one
time.
He said to me, "Brandon, what I'm about
to do with you, no man will get the
glory for.
No man will get the glory for."And over
this course of time, he said, "Just go
on YouTube and I'll do the
rest."He
breathed on it.
It had nothing to do with Brandon
or Diana.
Nothing to do with us. It
had everything to do with obedience
and a God that said, "I say it's
time."And
we limit God
in our own minds by thinking that's how
he has to operate. Well, it'll be by
our pastor, it'll be by an evangelist,
it'll be by
sister so-and-so.
"If I just serve them, if I do this, if I
do that, if I could just be their
armor
bearer..."No.
Whatever he tells you to do, do it.
You know what he told me recently? Even
was it three days ago,
wasn't it, Braden? He said
this: "You'll become more reclusive, yet
I've called you to be separate.
I don't want anybody influencing you.
I want you to speak exactly what I tell
you to say when I tell you to say it, and
put your pink shorts
on."He
said, "So the things that you have
in your mind of how it's going to work
out, it ain't me.
Stop allowing your flesh to dictate how
you do things.
Just flow with the voice of God,
and he'll put you in front of the people
he needs to put you in front
of."How
many times I've told people,
"No, I don't want to do that
interview.""Well,
that'll get you really promoted.
That'll get you exposure."I don't need
your exposure;
I need Jesus.
Do you understand?
Whatever he tells you to do, he'll blow
on it,
and he creates something
out of nothing.
He can create something out of nothing
if you can just give him your
undivided attention and your yielded
heart. And all that you do, in word
and in deed, do all to the glory of God.
And he'll go.
And that's what he did.
I tried to be around the biggest
pastors, the biggest ministers. "Oh Lord,
that's going to get me there."And every
single one of them said,
"Nope."And
finally, I gave up.
And it was at my place of death and
surrender at the altar that God said,
"Now you're
ready."I
said, "I don't want to do this
anymore.
I can't do this.
I can't fix
Megan."Whenever
I let go of Megan
in my heart, my little girl,
is when God started doing a miracle in
her life, and she's getting better and
better, and you can see her. She sits in
service.
We couldn't go to church before.
It's when I let go of what I thought I
could help him fix—I had my hand in
it. God doesn't need your help; he just
needs your surrender.
God doesn't need your help;
he needs your surrender.
And that's where I met him, at my
surrender.
I said, "Lord, I can't do this
anymore.
I cannot provide for my family
I'm tired of living on minimum wage.
I'm tired of living on food
stamps."And
at my point of surrender, God
started giving me ideas for money.
God started teaching me,
but it wasn't overnight. It was a
process.
As you do this,
as you walk, as you obey—as they went, they were healed. As they went, they were healed. And I latch onto that: as they went,
they were healed.
As they went, they were
made prosperous as
they do what he tells them to do. As
they went, what did he tell you
to do? "Go dip in the river seven
times."That's
crazy. Do it.
So
all that.
He'll take your little and make it a
lot.
He'll expand your baskets full twelve times
over
if you just believe him.
He'll stretch your
cap,
your little
of what you have, and make it a lot.
"Well, I don't have much left. I don't
have
that."It
only took the widow
that was talking to
Elijah
a little
flour
and a little oil
to stretch forth a lot. God has to take
your little and will turn it into a lot
if you just obey what he asked you to
do.
He takes the widow's mite and says,
"She gave all that she had, but she gave
more than them
because she gave from her
heart."You
understand? God will breathe upon
your little
like he did with the widow,
what he did with the fishes and the
loaves.
He's into showing up and showing off,
and doing shock and awe in your life. He
wants to show how big he is.
And I remember even as a boy, we sow and
my parents would sow. We all sow. We all
give, and we have nothing, and God
comes
through. There's never been
a time that I've never had food in
my stomach. I've never seen the righteous
forsaken or his seed begging bread.
That's what David said. I believe that
God is able to provide. Whenever I told
you I saw the people with what's coming,
praying around pots of food, and
there
were empty pots, and they just set the
table and they did it by faith, and they
laid their hands—they all gathered
around the table and they started
praying. They said, "Father, we don't
have nothing
but whatever we have, there was a
little there, multiply
it."And
all of a sudden
it was bountiful. It was so much. And
there was steam coming off the beans,
and
there was steam coming off the
cornbread, and there was steam coming off
the hot potatoes.
God will show up
in the least. I'm telling you folks,
you need to believe him for the
supernatural. That's where I've been.
That's why I keep raising my kids.
I know
that God is able. Even whenever I hear
her laughing in there right
now—she's
laughing, she ain't crying.
I don't know if you can hear.
I'd bring her in here and let her talk
to y'all. Let Megan say,
"Hi,"because
she's come so far.
And I believe there are so many of you who
say,
"Brandon, I have a child with special
needs. Will God do it for
mine?"If
he did it for me—you don't realize
how bad she was.
You don't realize how bad Megan was and
how far she has come.
It
seems
so
impossible.
It seems so impossible,
but he specializes in the impossible.
"Their hearts are too hard toward
me."I
hear someone say,
"Their hearts are just too
hard toward me. My
circumstances will never change."Well, I'm going to
tell you, God specializes in the
impossible.
My father specializes in the impossible.
Now, many of you think, "Well, he forgot
about the building with the fires."No, I
still see it.
I see it right now.
But you see,
I'm not moved by that
building with the fires.
I'm not moved by it. The Lord wanted to
minister to your heart.
It's
in Chicago.
Just remember that.
That's Chicago.
Yeah, it's the building in Chicago.
Is
that
okay?
If
you
live
in
Chicago,
this
act is a distraction from something
else.
I'm allowed to say that
something else is going to happen at the
exact same time this is happening.
I'm in the spirit. I can see it.
This is to attract everyone there
while
something happens over here. It's
sleight
of hand.
It's sleight of hand.
Like you know what I'm talking about.
Sleight
of hand.
This
is over here.
They're doing this over here to try to
pull the law enforcement and all them
over here while they do something major
over here.
And as everybody's fleeing here, they do
something over here. And this is very
serious over here.
And this is the prime target.
This is the prime target.
No, it will happen all at the same time.
You
hear me?
I see it all right now. I'm
looking into it really well.
I see it. You know what I'm talking
about, Braden.
I see it really clear.
Is there a river that runs through there?
What is that? Like there's like a river
that is running through Chicago. It's
like a stream.
What is that water there? What is that?
Am I looking at Chicago?
I see water.
No. Lord said, "Brandon, that's Boston.
You're looking at two different places
at one time.
Two places at one time. Boston
has water.
I see water
running through Boston. It's like a
river, like a stream running through
Boston.
Chicago is the cities. It's the five. We're praying into
those five cities, son.
It's the five:
Chicago, Boston, Philadelphia, New York,
Washington."He
said, "You're not praying into all of
them right now. You're praying into two,
one in particular, and
that
is
Chicago."Okay?
All at the same time. Do you get that?
We're praying in. They're all
on the same time.
They're not all separate. They're
separate events all on the same day.
Okay.
So I see: five. One, two, three, four, five. So
that's what we're praying into. When
we're praying into that,
it's an onion that has layers.
I see the Boston Fire Department.
I see the men in the fire uniforms
praying over them.
Later,
you
see
my
phone,
son.
The
Lord
said,
"Give
me..."I
can't say it out loud. He said,
"This is concerning
Austin."Oh,
Father, I
pray over the fire department,
the first responders, the ones that are
there first.
Oh God,
let
everything be uncovered
as they are the first responders.
Let
every booby trap
be uncovered.
I see one man.
He is bald-headed like me.
He has a
mustache—a
black mustache, but it's
not thick;
it's very
thin.
He has brown eyes
and he's pretty round-headed.
I see him run in there first.
I see this man;
he's very clear to me.
He's the first one,
and
we pray over him.
He has a family. I
see his
family,
and
we pray.
Oh God,
Father, I thank You that You
protect this man.
The others—the flash of the fire can drive the others.
It's a
backdraft. It's like this fire comes out
of this thing,
and he's engulfed, but these
others are burnt really bad.
I can see them really
clearly.
Whoever these men are, Lord,
I pray for protection around and about our
fire department.
Father, have mercy on them.
Father, I thank You that the angels of
the Lord...
I see a
white dove intervening,
causing
a
distraction.
It's a tripwire.
Fly up by the tripwire.
Expose every plan, every plot of the
wicked.
Every tripwire,
I see it. It's like in a hall.
It's an apartment room
that's rigged;
it's an apartment that's rigged.
I see it so
clearly.
We pray over every single one of them that
You'll
spare their lives, Father.
Protect them.
I thank You for Your angels.
I thank You, Father.
In every city, You expose them. That's
what I got in the spirit right
then:
in every city, You'll expose them.
We're in times like you've never seen
before.
Yep,
for sure.
And they will accelerate
as labor pains upon a woman.
I told you from September 23rd,
watch the victory.
A great
acceleration has happened so far,
just like He said it would.
And it will continue to grow, and
it will be
compounding.
It
will be like a snowball rolling down the
hill,
gaining
momentum. That momentum will grow,
and it will be with your weather,
it will be with your heavens,
it will be with your earth's crust, it
will be with your politics, and it will
be with your church.
Remember, this
is
an acceleration so much so that all of
them will happen at the same time,
at a point in time.
It won't just be one thing.
Politics, war, rumors of war—it will be
all of them compounding, is what
He's
saying.
You'll turn on your news and every day
you'll see all of it
like dominoes.
You have never seen what you're about to
see. I hear the Spirit of the Lord say
to me,
"You
need to get your house in order.
Get
ready."Get
ready, for a great humbling is
coming. A great manifestation of
the glory is coming. You need to get
your house in order.
Repent; turn from your wicked
ways. You're running out of time each
day.
The clock is ticking, and in the
hourglass, the sand is flowing. Remember,
you're running out of time.
You
must get on the boat in time
with your heart today.
Change and repent before it's too late.
You
say, "Well, I haven't seen anything.
I haven't
seen
this."Open
your eyes.
Look around you.
And
it's not all about America.
It's a Western culture to always think
that
way—that
it's about us, it's about America,
America first.
No,
it's about the world. Watch what God
does with the whole world.
Isn't that amazing that you can
pray like this in a hotel room and the
Spirit of God fill a hotel room like
this?
It's so thick, I'm telling you. And I'm
in a hotel room.
I was leery of doing this in a
hotel room,
and I said, "Let's do it."I felt pressed
of
the Lord to do it, but it's
like at the
house—whoever's
going to get this hotel room
next, it'll fill them, I
tell you that. It's saturating this
chair.
I feel that weight of that
prophetic mantle.
It comes down on me. Be
the watcher.
Glory to God!
You see, we have to go. We'll be
late for the church service
tonight.
It's getting late. We only
have
30 minutes, and it takes a little bit to get
there.
Glory to God. I know, baby, we have to go.
I prayed for almost an hour and a half, didn't
I,
son?
Mama said, "Are you
still alive?"I said, "Yeah, we're still
alive."Well,
regardless of whether I feel
released yet, I have to go to
this
service. I want to be a part of this
prayer service.
It's important. The Lord said, "Assemble
yourselves."We
have
5,400 right now.
He said, "You have to go assemble
yourselves
together and
pray."Each
one brings their part, each one
brings
their supply,
and I believe that's what's so important
about these prayer services.
We all bring our supply.
Thank you for watching today. We'll do
it again tomorrow. I'll pray
more.
I have a good internet connection here,
so I can pray with y'all. I'll
eat and
see what the Lord has for
us.
I was praying about going to Billy
Burke in Tennessee.
I was going to do a broadcast with Kim
Clement's daughter,
Donne,
so I don't know if I'm going
to do that still. I'm just flowing with
what the Holy Spirit wants
me to go and do,
and we'll see.
I'm excited to be here around all these
prayer warriors,
and I'm so thankful.
I pray this blessed you, this little hour
and a half.
I'm
sorry it couldn't be more,
but I'll go now and start
driving over there.
Thank God, Mike told me he'd sow
a seed
tonight. So,
thank God for Mike; he's
my friend.
God bless you all. Do they have any
questions? Are they okay? Everybody's good.
Happy birthday, Braden.
Thank you.
He's a good boy.
He got blessed at Billy Burke.
I'm telling you, the power
of God knocked him down.
He got a touch from Jesus. Every one of
my family got a word from the Lord.
At the Billy Burke meeting,
it was beautiful. He gave me a word, He
gave Braden a word, He gave Diana a word
from the Lord.
Even Megan
Paisley got a word, too.
Earthquakes. Yeah, I didn't see
any
earthquakes today. Right now I
just saw some attacks coming to America
still—Boston,
Chicago. Pray
for our firefighters, the first
responders.
Yeah, they're trying to guess what
power
it is;
it's that one right there,
but I'm not going to release that on the
internet.
Do you see that building right there?
This one? Yes,
I'm not putting that on the internet;
yeah,
it's that one right there.
Well, glory to God. Thank you for this
time of prayer today. I really
appreciate you devoting your time
with us to pray,
and I pray that your cup is overflowing.
Glory to God.
I have a real urgency concerning this.
It's still very heavy on me concerning
these firefighters. I don't really
know what to do with it.
I leave it to you,
and I pray that you continue to pray for
these firefighters, these first
responders that could be in harm.
That's
in the natural, what I saw. I don't
know the event. I don't know what time. I don't
know when. I just keep praying. It's
more involved. It's like I said, it keeps
rolling
to pray, to pray, to pray. It's very
serious.
This is one event, all in one day, and
it's a major deal. So we keep
praying into this. Okay. So
I don't know the time frame. I don't
know anymore.
So God bless you all. Remember, we love
you. Thank you for watching. Thank you
for being a part of our prayer channel.
Put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you, and we'll see you again
tomorrow. We'll pray again tomorrow.
Who wants to pray, go tubing tomorrow?
You say in the comments down below if you
want to go tubing again tomorrow. I'll
pray with you all again tomorrow.
Other than that, God bless you, and we'll
see.